Update requirements.txt (#780)
percona/postgresql-docs: requirements.txt

> # This file is used to install the required packages for the project in Windows and Linux.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# This file is used to install the required packages for the doc project.
# Ensure you are in the same location/root that the requirements.txt file is in. 
```

# It is recommended to use Windows Powershell in Administrator mode or Linux Terminal to run the commands.
# You can install the required packages using the following command:
# pip install -r requirements.txt

> # Ensure you are in the same location/root that the requirements.txt file is in. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

mkdocs-open-in-new-tab
mkdocs-print-site-plugin
# To update the packages, run the following command in your terminal:

> # pip install --upgrade -r <plugin_name>

Reviewer: Why plugin name? When you pass the requirements.txt file, it installs all packages listed so you don't have to install them one by one

Author: Ah I should mention that this is specifically a rule if the user is using Windows, to get this to work through Powershell it will require more tweaking than it is worth.

I will update to mention both Linux and Windows procedures of using the list, what do you think?

Reviewer: Yes good idea
